- i was assigned a counselor through the university ; had seen him for about temporal - quantity_num_0 temporal - quantity_num_1 weeks ( block sessions ) , if i ' m honest it did n't really work ; because i was never open with her .
- i was assigned a counselor through the university ; had seen his for about temporal - quantity_num_0 temporal - quantity_num_1 weeks ( block sessions ) , if i ' m honest it did n't really work ; because i was never open with her .
- i was assigned a counselor through the university ; had seen her for about temporal - quantity_num_0 temporal - quantity_num_1 weeks ( block sessions ) , if i ' m honest it did n't really work ; because i was never open with him .
- i was assigned a counselor through the university ; had seen her for about temporal - quantity_num_0 temporal - quantity_num_1 weeks ( block sessions ) , if i ' m honest it did n't really work ; because i was never open with his .
he said that she agreed with person_name_0 's opinion that location_name_1 and location_name_2 should further develop various forms of economic and trade cooperation .
one minute she 's lovely , and it 's like having my mummy back , then the next , he turns into the most spiteful human alive .
i want him to be there for her son without needing me too .
i want him to be there for hers son without needing me too .
after drinking some alcohol , the advertiser or show sponsor may take the chance to lie on the female star 's shoulder , feel him chin or kiss her cheek , and endurance is the attitude most adopted by the female stars .
after drinking some alcohol , the advertiser or show sponsor may take the chance to lie on the female star 's shoulder , feel his chin or kiss her cheek , and endurance is the attitude most adopted by the female stars .
after drinking some alcohol , the advertiser or show sponsor may take the chance to lie on the female star 's shoulder , feel her chin or kiss him cheek , and endurance is the attitude most adopted by the female stars .
after drinking some alcohol , the advertiser or show sponsor may take the chance to lie on the female star 's shoulder , feel her chin or kiss his cheek , and endurance is the attitude most adopted by the female stars .
i wish i could wipe her out of my life - things would be so much better without him .
i wish i could wipe her out of my life - things would be so much better without his .
he just cares about her new little girl and wife , his new life , where i m not wanted .
he just cares about hers new little girl and wife , his new life , where i m not wanted .
he just cares about his new little girl and wife , her new life , where i m not wanted .
he just cares about his new little girl and wife , hers new life , where i m not wanted .
my brother 's autistic but i have n't noticed this with her either , but the spectrum is so broad and i myself probably have mild asperger other_name_0 because i have problems with communication and do n't pick up on social reactions @/@ body language .
not like the old guy zhang jizhong not only behaved like a hooligan in her own circle , but also thinks he is virtuous without any talent . he makes tv series when he has nothing to do to wreck people of the whole country .
not like the old guy zhang jizhong not only behaved like a hooligan in hers own circle , but also thinks he is virtuous without any talent . he makes tv series when he has nothing to do to wreck people of the whole country .
not like the old guy zhang jizhong not only behaved like a hooligan in his own circle , but also thinks she is virtuous without any talent . he makes tv series when he has nothing to do to wreck people of the whole country .
not like the old guy zhang jizhong not only behaved like a hooligan in his own circle , but also thinks he is virtuous without any talent . she makes tv series when he has nothing to do to wreck people of the whole country .
not like the old guy zhang jizhong not only behaved like a hooligan in his own circle , but also thinks he is virtuous without any talent . he makes tv series when she has nothing to do to wreck people of the whole country .
my mum is getting divorced - she had a horrible time with my step - father and him new found freedom has sent her round the bend .
my mum is getting divorced - she had a horrible time with my step - father and his new found freedom has sent her round the bend .
my mum is getting divorced - she had a horrible time with my step - father and her new found freedom has sent him round the bend .
my mum is getting divorced - she had a horrible time with my step - father and her new found freedom has sent his round the bend .
i had a reltionship with a boy who is temporal - quantity_num_0 and i am forbidden to speak to her because of what happend and the age diffrience
a star will have lots of contracts and him source of money will be rolling if she tackles well ; if she does n't tack well , what comes after her heel would be forcing out or even frame - ups .. .
a star will have lots of contracts and his source of money will be rolling if she tackles well ; if she does n't tack well , what comes after her heel would be forcing out or even frame - ups .. .
a star will have lots of contracts and her source of money will be rolling if he tackles well ; if she does n't tack well , what comes after her heel would be forcing out or even frame - ups .. .
a star will have lots of contracts and her source of money will be rolling if she tackles well ; if he does n't tack well , what comes after her heel would be forcing out or even frame - ups .. .
a star will have lots of contracts and her source of money will be rolling if she tackles well ; if she does n't tack well , what comes after him heel would be forcing out or even frame - ups .. .
a star will have lots of contracts and her source of money will be rolling if she tackles well ; if she does n't tack well , what comes after his heel would be forcing out or even frame - ups .. .
have a look at the " wolf with glasses " near person_name_0 , you will know the actress has no choice but drink with her or she will be forced out or even framed .
have a look at the " wolf with glasses " near person_name_0 , you will know the actress has no choice but drink with him or he will be forced out or even framed .
the doctors gave him medication and it 's made her much better .
the doctors gave his medication and it 's made her much better .
the doctors gave her medication and it 's made him much better .
the doctors gave her medication and it 's made his much better .
the location_name_0 president 's weapons deals with location_name_1 , curbs on military cooperation with the location_name_2 , and her plans to train as many as num_0 location_name_0 civilians to repel a possible invasion by superpowers have the location_name_2 and his domestic critics worried .
the location_name_0 president 's weapons deals with location_name_1 , curbs on military cooperation with the location_name_2 , and hers plans to train as many as num_0 location_name_0 civilians to repel a possible invasion by superpowers have the location_name_2 and his domestic critics worried .
the location_name_0 president 's weapons deals with location_name_1 , curbs on military cooperation with the location_name_2 , and his plans to train as many as num_0 location_name_0 civilians to repel a possible invasion by superpowers have the location_name_2 and her domestic critics worried .
the location_name_0 president 's weapons deals with location_name_1 , curbs on military cooperation with the location_name_2 , and his plans to train as many as num_0 location_name_0 civilians to repel a possible invasion by superpowers have the location_name_2 and hers domestic critics worried .
if he really loves her son , he 'll see him regardless , but this is just a typical control method that people like him use .
if he really loves hers son , he 'll see him regardless , but this is just a typical control method that people like him use .
if he really loves his son , she 'll see him regardless , but this is just a typical control method that people like him use .
if he really loves his son , he 'll see her regardless , but this is just a typical control method that people like him use .
if he really loves his son , he 'll see him regardless , but this is just a typical control method that people like her use .
so you want her sectioned cos he is a bit of a pain in the arse and you ' ve blamed all your problems on her ?
so you want her sectioned cos she is a bit of a pain in the arse and you ' ve blamed all your problems on him ?
so you want her sectioned cos she is a bit of a pain in the arse and you ' ve blamed all your problems on his ?
i do nt tell him but she finds out ,
he is very possesive and controlling but she has no right to be as we are not together .
person_name_0 has insisted and even her staunchest retired military critics here agree that the purchases are essential to update old weaponry such as the military 's temporal - quantity_num_0 old location_name_1 fal rifles .
person_name_0 has insisted and even hers staunchest retired military critics here agree that the purchases are essential to update old weaponry such as the military 's temporal - quantity_num_0 old location_name_1 fal rifles .
perhaps not in a moany way but i found that mentioning the thing that i was worried about to my mum and seeing him react to the situation in a calm way ( like i should have been reacting ) made me feel better about it because i knew it was n't a big deal and i did n't need to be anxious about it .
perhaps not in a moany way but i found that mentioning the thing that i was worried about to my mum and seeing his react to the situation in a calm way ( like i should have been reacting ) made me feel better about it because i knew it was n't a big deal and i did n't need to be anxious about it .
person_name_0 stated that the purpose of her visit to location_name_1 is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
person_name_0 stated that the purpose of hers visit to location_name_1 is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
quit taking his calls , make her leave voice mail .
you have a right to live your own life and be happy , so do n't cave to her threats .
you have a right to live your own life and be happy , so do n't cave to hers threats .
location_name_1 leader person_name_0 is person_name_2 's her major ally and person_name_2 is growing closer to person_name_0 .
location_name_1 leader person_name_0 is person_name_2 's hers major ally and person_name_2 is growing closer to person_name_0 .
i have a friend who suffers from severe anxiety that can prevent her from leaving the house and doing things because he 's so worried about what can go wrong .
the source of this is that ; when i was temporal - quantity_num_0 my dad left , and she does nt want to know me anymore ,
not because of his threat - but because your personal life is none of her business .
not because of his threat - but because your personal life is none of hers business .
however , my best mate , i love her , loads , he means the world to me and if i do anything then he will ,
however , my best mate , i love him , loads , she means the world to me and if i do anything then he will ,
however , my best mate , i love him , loads , he means the world to me and if i do anything then she will ,
but he has no one her family and him do nt get along and have their own issues .
but he has no one hers family and him do nt get along and have their own issues .
but he has no one his family and her do nt get along and have their own issues .
i want to start dating other people and my son 's father says if i do she will have nothing to do with his son .
i want to start dating other people and my son 's father says if i do he will have nothing to do with her son .
i want to start dating other people and my son 's father says if i do he will have nothing to do with hers son .
i want to start dating other people and my son 's father says if i do he will have nothing to do with her son .
i want to start dating other people and my son 's father says if i do he will have nothing to do with hers son .
i do nt want to hurt him , i do nt want her to hurt himself
i do nt want to hurt him , i do nt want him to hurt herself
i do nt want him to not be there for her son as he is a good father or he at least tries .
i do nt want him to not be there for hers son as he is a good father or he at least tries .
i do nt want him to not be there for his son as she is a good father or he at least tries .
i do nt want him to not be there for his son as he is a good father or she at least tries .
but he thinks if she ca nt have me no one can .
he has too much going on in her life right now and he thinks we can work when i have told him several times i do nt love him and he does not love me .
he has too much going on in hers life right now and he thinks we can work when i have told him several times i do nt love him and he does not love me .
he has too much going on in his life right now and she thinks we can work when i have told him several times i do nt love him and he does not love me .
he has too much going on in his life right now and he thinks we can work when i have told her several times i do nt love him and he does not love me .
he has too much going on in his life right now and he thinks we can work when i have told him several times i do nt love her and he does not love me .
he has too much going on in his life right now and he thinks we can work when i have told him several times i do nt love him and she does not love me .
if the price is , he voluntarily walks out of both of your lives , you 're probably better off without her .
